This necklace is called Zhuhua.
It is a first-class pearl made from the world collection of mussels
Each one is one in a million
Made by world-class top craftsmen
World class king
Zhonghua Xu Ruo at last year's Asset General Meeting
More than 5 million
Yeah, mainly because it's very hard to follow.
Such a pearl
I don't know how many years it will take to open one.
Powerful and priceless
Korean has also prepared top luxury sports cars
configure top-level
No more than three vehicles in the world
This top-of-the-line luxury car is said to be custom-made only.
At present, it seems that only the Gu family, the richest man in Xiangchen, has it.
This is the richest man taking care of his family
This is the only one in the whole Yuncheng
It seems that this is a sacrifice for the morning light
You're always so thoughtful.
For a talent like Miss Chenxi
Of course we have to prepare carefully
Always let those who can only speak understand
The gap between us
Guan Yu also prepared for the gold producer
The third collaboration gift
A Genting Villa located in Genting Tiangong